TERMS of USE

By accessing any content, materials, information, products or services through ValidFi.com, including obtaining an account on ValidFi.com ("the website", "our site"), you agree the following terms and conditions: 

Ownership
LTI Systems, Inc. ("we", "our") owns and has copyrights on ValidFi.com and all of its contents. You will not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, sell, transfer or modify any of the contents, strategies, portfolios,  data, information or materials found on our site without the written consent of LTI Systems, Inc. The trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on our site are protected by common law trademarks.  Your access to our site does not grant you any right to use any of the trademarks. You further agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor materials available through our site.  

Warranty and Liability Disclaimer
Any investment in securities including mutual funds, ETFs, closed end funds, stocks and any other securities could lose money over any period of time. Past performance is not an indicator of future performance. There is no guarantee for your investment and any other actions based on the information provided on our site including but not limited strategies, portfolios, articles, performance data and results of any tools.  

LTI Systems, Inc. and ValidFi.com make no warranty of any kind regarding our site and/or any contents, strategies, portfolios, materials, information, products and services provided on our site, all of which are provided on an ¡®as is¡¯ basis. We disclaim any representation and warranty that our site and its contents, strategies, portfolios, materials, information, products and services are error-free, secure or uninterrupted.  We further disclaim any warranty to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of any content, information and services provided by our site. 

In no event shall LTI Systems, inc. and ValidFi.com be liable for any investment gain and/or loss you incur during your investment and by any other means. Investing in any securities in any market is risky and the past performances of any strategies do not guarantee their future performances. You are responsible for any of your own actions and their consequential results. Furthermore, in no event shall LTI Systems, Inc. and ValidFi.com be liable for (a) any damages to or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property as the result of your access to, use of or browsing in our site or your downloading of any content, information, materials, data, text or images from our site or (b) any injury, loss, claim, damage, or any special, exemplary, punitive, indirect, incidental or consequential damages of any kind (including without limitation lost profits or lost savings), whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, that arises out of or is in any way connected with (i) any use of our site or content, data, materials or information found therein, (ii) any failure or delay in use of or inability to use any component of this site, or (iii) the performance or non performance by us or any third-party provider to our site, even if we have been, or a third-party provider has been, advised of the possibility of damages to such parties or any other party. 

This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortuous behavior, negligence, or under any other cause of action. 

Indemnification
You will defend and indemnify us and any of our officers and employees from and against any claim, cause of action or demand, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by you or on your behalf in excess of the liability described above or by third parties as a result of your breach of these terms and conditions or the documents made part of these terms and conditions by reference, your violation of any law or the rights of a third party or your use of our site. 

Account Usage
As part of the registration and account creation process, you will select a username and a password. You will provide ValidFi.com with certain registration information, all of which must be accurate, truthful, and updated. You shall not: (i) select a username already used by another person; (ii) use a username in which another person has rights without such person's authorization; or (iii) use a username or password that ValidFi.com, in its sole discretion, deems offensive or inappropriate. ValidFi.com reserves the right to deny creation of your account based on ValidFi.com¡¯s inability to verify the authenticity of your registration information. You shall be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. You shall immediately notify ValidFi.com by submitting feedback of any known or suspected unauthorized use(s) of your account, or any known or suspected breach of security, including loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of your password. You are fully responsible for all usage and activity on your ValidFi.com account, including, but not limited to, use of the account by any third party authorized by you to use your username and password. If the computer system on which you accessed the web site is sold or transferred to another party, you warrant and represent that you will delete all cookies and software files obtained by or through use of the service.  VaidFi.com expressly disclaim any warranty and responsibility to any possible damage and loss incurred to any one caused by your account usage and activities. 
ValidFi.com reserves the right to terminate your account, in its sole discretion, at any time without notice. You may terminate your account at any time by submitting feedback. Notwithstanding anything else herein, ValidFi.com reserves the right to pursue any and all claims against any user of your account. You agree to maintain only one account at any time and you certify that you currently have no other account(s) on our website. 

Modifications of these Terms and Conditions 
LTI Systems, Inc. reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which this web site is offered and you agree to accept and be bound by those terms, conditions, and notices that are in effect at the time of your use of ValidFi.com.  
